rename aad to EID and remove OSM (#111)
Azure/AKS-Landing-Zone-Accelerator: Scenarios/Backup-Restore/plan_backup_restore.md

* Run a Drill Tests:
	* Create secondary AKS ecosystem (ACR, Keyvault, App Gateway, Firewall, NSG)

> 	* Create secondary AKS Cluster (with its dependencies installed: eid-podid, velero, csi-drivers) + RBAC for Azure services & velero identity (backup tool)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* Create secondary AKS Cluster (with its dependencies installed: Pod Identity, Valero, csi-drivers) + RBAC for Azure services & Valero identity (backup tool)
```
